change max capacity (#7640)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/audio-conferencing-in-office-365.md

---

# Audio Conferencing in Microsoft 365

> Audio Conferencing in Microsoft 365 and Office 365 enables users to call in to meetings from their phones. Audio Conferencing allows up to 1000 phone attendees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Audio Conferencing in Microsoft 365 and Office 365 enables users to call in to meetings from their phones. Audio Conferencing allows up to 1,000 phone attendees.
```
